they asked me to come up with something
for short circuit that would be like a
Christmas present for you for me I'll
show you what I came up with okay I
thought us working together on an
unboxing of this would be a lot of fun
what are you serious it's it's a fiber
optic I actually get this light up LED
halter bra did you did you actually
spend money on this why don't we start
unboxing things did you wrap this no
okay I mean I can wap I can wap they
wouldn't let let me do the halter bra
thing they thought it was too not safe
for work oh thank you guys that would
have been brutal okay instant camera and
photo printer wait don't we have one we
are doing a Roundup of instant cameras
okay so we're going to play around with
them try them out okay see what's good
and what's not so good this one looks
cool it's shaped like a little battery
yeah and Kodak still exists who knew
okay it's a shaped like a little battery
it's a lot bigger than a little battery
what is it shaped
like a battery hold on don't get caught
up on the color scheme now you're
getting caught up on the color scheme
you have to see the color scheme in
order to understand why I said that no
I'm telling you you don't need to see
the color scheme to know what it's
shaped like what's it shaped like come
on a lens you're making me feel old what
it's a film canister oh remember they
have the opening in the side where the
film comes out and you put it in the
thing and pull the thing into it okay
you're my age film canisters were green
and black oh good it doesn't print
immediately that's nice because the one
that we have the minute you take a
picture it just prints everything style
in Stacks this reminds me of my first
digital camera how laggy that display is
here hold on let's have an actual thing
there so you
could I mean it's a cute form factor
though I want to take a photo with you
okay okay do you like my photo I love
your photo let's print it okay hey here
we go it prints stickers yeah oh that's
super cute oh reminds me of those photo
booths do you remember do I remember
photo booths those are still a thing no
no no where like where you'd go into the
Asian mall and then there would be all
these cutesy little stickers that you
could print okay let's take a
picture okay how's it look wow I took
that at completely the wrong angle so
can you get color is it yeah no you
cannot get color it's only black and
white wait why does it show a color
image here then why wouldn't it show
black and white so that you does it also
have an SD card so you can like get the
pictures off it this is kind of uh
that's kind of cute I was going to say
you can make it a printer though if you
connect Bluetooth to it you can print
out any picture you print in black and
white though yeah okay no seriously why
can't you connect this to a a color
printer and have it print color but
that's not a Vibe this is a Vibe okay
actually I'm curious about the sticker
quality and I'm curious how much the
sticker refills cost it doesn't seem
that sticky here replace this stupid
picture no what why it's awful cuz this
is what youngu looks like and now you
can have a side by side comparison I
have two things I want to say about the
price first I'm going to say if it's any
more than 50 bucks then you're getting
ripped off and second I'm going to say
that it costs 120 bucks I was going to
guess 100 USD $39.99 USD oh really nine
roll is about $19.99 okay at least it's
cheap at 7 cents a pop this is something
I'd actually be able to use without
feeling like oh no is it worth is it
worth taking a picture of this also
we're both idiots we're using this
shutter button there's one here yeah I
love it okay what's next the second one
is from uh today's video sponsor debrand
oh no oh it's wrapped also in a dbrand
skin and of course they're promoting
their own crap instead of our
collaborative short circuit or glow
circuit skin I still can't believe you
guys didn't go with the white on white
it looks so good oh yeah yvon has a type
of the circuit skin that I don't think
you can see it dbrand never made yeah so
Ivon just like hacked together a skin
for her phone from the white on white
glow but it looks so good let dbrand
know at uh short.com
okay okay we got
this oh wow that was a lot of packaging
just to get an Instax camera okay wait
this is really creepy do do you oh these
are pictures from our house yeah who
walked in did dbrand oh it must have
been Sammy what is that why you were at
our yeah that's why he was at our house
just taking pictures of the inside of
our basement fridge this is my uh this
is my soda methadone by the way I
actually hate bubbly it sucks but it's a
lot better than getting fat so I drink
bubbly whenever I crave a soda if you
guys want to check out dbrand skins
which as you can see are very difficult
to get off of things but to their credit
do come off cleanly when it is time to
swap them out for something new like oh
I don't know say glow circuit you can
check out dbrand skins atl.com we have
one of these that's what I was going to
say or a very similar to this one at
home it's fine I guess um yeah so you do
that and that opens it up and then you
can take a picture like that the mirror
kind of sucks yeah it's tiny oh I wasn't
ready okay I mean does it matter at
least this one prints in color right yes
yeah okay but the cartridges are
flipping
expensive yeah oh my
gosh yeah not the most flattering photo
I will say that the fun of waiting for
it to develop and looking at it together
is a huge advantage to this particular
format but the fact that it's like 10
shots in a package and these packages
are like aren't these like 20 bucks or
something like that sorry 12 bucks
either way we gifted our daughters one
of these like a few years ago a few
years ago and they've only gone through
a few packs of them cuz on like kid
allowances buying refills just doesn't
make any sense that is insanely
expensive this in color is my sweet spot
cuz this cost what cents a shot oh yeah
7 cents a shot and this was a dollar
something a11 12 yeah so I want this to
cost three times as much in be in color
but let's see what else we get today
okay ooh LT corkboard yeah it's for
people who collect like our pins and
stuff or just want a corkboard that's
expensive oh I didn't know we had this
yeah that's cool
Boop okay all right what are we looking
at oh actual Polaroid brand I was going
to say the exact same thing oh I'm sorry
go ahead you do it actual Polaroid brand
wow good job oh and it's even in the
Polaroid like form factor but tiny oh
it's cute okay so you got to power it on
it's got a digital display for how many
shots are left that's kind of nice
compared to the Instax which works more
like a uh like a disposable camera oh
that's cool the mirror for selfies is
actually just two-way glass for the lens
for taking pictures okay I'm going to
take one of you
ready that's awkward I don't know if
that worked I can't it says it's down to
five does it take a while to come out um
do we have more film uh no that one is
like a proprietary one I blame Sammy he
broke it before he gave it to
us it's out it's done it's empty Sammy
you took all the pictures before you
even gave it to us I took one two I took
two photos okay well either way I'm
going to guess that this is
like 150 bucks and the cartridges are
like 20 bucks uh it's 6832 USD uh 16
shots is apparently $28 so price per
photo is 175 okay wa okay yeah so I
think it is normally a cartridge of
eight yeah okay okay so it's probably 14
bucks a cartridge and it's cartridges of
eight then cuz the counter says eight
yeah when you load when you reload it
yeah I don't know what to tell you if
sami's pictures or anything to go by
quality wise not to mention the fact
that it uses a proprietary form factor
when you can get like knockoff Instax
film for cheaper this is pretty hard to
justify even if the camera is a little
cheaper and I think the photos are even
smaller than the STS right yeah they're
smaller which sucks this really seems
like a fail yeah see you later buddy
maybe the problem is the way you're
opening them maybe I should open it what
no it is not maybe it was from you like
twisting and turning it while it was
printing another Polaroid the now plus
instant camera generation 2 this looks
really expensive wow it's really big
well yeah it's just like an old school
Polaroid camera and then what's this so
you can carry around your oh your
filters red filter
sure yellow
filter other more different more yellow
filter that's orange well look do I do
colors for a living what is
that let's do that fun filter okay just
checking wait it's not on properly sorry
sorry says seven shots uh how can you
see the mirror or camera on this one's
not as
good dude this one's going to be super
expensive
120 I am going to say
135 and then I'm going to say that the
pictures are going to be like 15 bucks
for a pack of eight I think they're
going to be really expensive um I'm
going to go with a160 per photo uh so
Ivon was spot on for the price is
$119.99 she said $150 no I changed it to
120 you did yeah oh dang it well then I
ended up guessing the same thing as you
uh did I say 120 no you said 135 yeah
you said 13 Oh I thought I was guessing
under her oh well 16 shots is apparently
uh $35 so it's about ,750 per a pack of
eight um okay so it's over $2 a photo
and you can't even see the photo before
you print it and the selfie cam or
mirror was terrible like you you can't
really see that that's really expensive
to just like trial and error get
something I mean that's why even though
Polaroids existed when we were a kids
nobody used them cuz they were stupid
yeah and they're just as stupid now but
they're like retro stupid trendy stupid
I don't know the only time that I feel
like these are worth doing are at places
like a wedding or at graduation or
whatever where it's just like it's it's
not necessarily about capturing the
moment it's more about just doing
something together right cuz if you want
to capture the moment you're better off
with like a proper camera or a
professional who's going around like
getting good pictures oh this looks more
modern ooh
Leica the Leica swort of so
forth hybrid instant camera 10 lens
filters plus 10 film filters what's a
film filter you can use it as a printer
you can print from your phone you can
take shots and save them to your phone
so this like actually has functionality
which is nice yes oh yeah oh wow this
thing is a fingerprint magnet cool got a
nice little lens cover here got your
flash got your pH oh that's bright oh
interesting the interface defaults to
like a vertical orientation but then
everything is kind of
Orient I'm just going to take this off
look I'm not trying to there's another
shutter button somewhere I think okay
there's one here there's one here here
how how laggy is this one oh way better
yeah that's like modern I feel good
about this one I feel really good about
oh what's this is this to that's the
print oh cute okay so that would
normally be a film advance but they've
just gone and taken that mechan Mech ISM
and made it that okay all right you
ready okay did we take a picture oh wow
the camera quality is too good we look
old dude oh that's so cute that's so
cute it pushes your picture out and
everything uses insta film yep you want
to guess the
price
um like it it's not going to be cheap
okay how much is a normal digital camera
like not a hybrid maybe like 100 to
150 USD oh yeah yeah I guess the hybrid
functionality so like just having just a
cute little like a digital camera that
you can actually offload pictures from
is there an SD card y micro SD okay
there it is okay I'm going to go with
145 USD I'm going to say 200 I think
it's going to be pricey 400 W 400 bucks
seriously that's my guess oh okay well
Andy was right it's $3.99 oh
$400 uh yeah I don't think that I would
be buying that for
$400 I mean the quality is a lot better
like it should be the same as the inst
Stacks actually no it's probably got
better Optics than the cheap in Stacks
look at that and this one isn't even
properly developed yet you can see your
crows
feet hey that turned out pretty well I
wouldn't pay $400 for it but the Optics
are definitely better it's got lots of
fun filters and I guess it's the winner
in terms of image quality because I
didn't get to try the one I really
wanted anyway you might have noticed
Ivon is gone that's because one of our
kids got a nose bed that wouldn't stop
so she had to leave but if you want to
see more of her it's Ivon week on float
plane our themed weeks basically take
one person from the team or one theme
and we do a bunch of exclusives over at
lm. floatplane yvon's content includes a
community Q&A video decorating a
Christmas tree with old Tech and meet
the cats where you get to meet all of
our cats you can watch it and our
catalog of exclusives by going to lmg
Dogg SL
ion4 all right subscribe to Short
Circuit see you later